This Readme file explains what the screenshots in this folder show.
# Screenshots
## Landing Page
When you visit our website at https://afternoon-journey-19312.herokuapp.com/ you will be redirected to the landing page (Landing_Page.png). If you scroll down you will see more (Landing_Page_2.png) and finally the footer (Footer.png). Inside our footer, only the instagram button is working and will redirect you to our Instagram Page (Instagram.png). The button 'About Us' will redirect you to an About Us view (About_Us.png). Clikcing the FAQS in the footer will redirect you to our FAQ page (FAQ.png). Clicking on CONTACT US will redirect you to our Contact Us page ('Contact_Us'). You can click on the logo on the top left to go back to the Landing Page.
## Products
Clicking on SNEAKERS on the top will show you all the products on sale on the website (All_Products.png). If you scroll down you will see all the products (All_Products_2.png). If you click on BRANDS, you will see a dropdown menu which allows you to sort the products via brands (Brands.png) Clicking on View Item inside the card  will bring you to the product view (Product_1.png) and if you scroll down on the product view you will also see a sizing chart and reviews on the product (Product_2). You can also access this product view by clicking on the View Item on the landing page (Landing_Page_2.png)
## Registering account
If you want to add items to cart or wishlist, you need to create an account. To do so, click on REGISTER on the top right and it will show you a register form (Register.png). You can also access this form from the Signin View (Signin.png). If you click on SELLER, it will bring you to the seller registration form (Register_Seller.png). If you click on USER, it will bring you to the user registration form (Register_User.png). After you register, you can Sign in on the form after clicking on LOGIN on the top right (Sign_In.png) and check the box for whether you are signing in as a User or Seller.
## Logged In User
After logging in, you will see the LOGIN and REGISTER button on the top right replaced with a Profile and Cart Icon (Login.png). Clicking on the Profile Icon will show you your user profile (Profile.png) Your profile will display your details. If you click on UPDATE PROFILE on the left, you will be able to update your profile details and icon (Update_Profile.png) If you click on ORDERS on the left, you will see your completed orders on the account (Orders.ong). If you click on WISHLIST on the left, you will see your products in your wishlist (Wishlist.png). If you click on LOGOUT, it will bring you back to the landing page (Landing_Page). If you click on the Cart icon in the top right, you will see your items in the cart (Cart.png). If you click on Checkout from the cart, you will see the transaction page (Checkout.png). 
## Logged In Seller
After logging in, you will see only the logo on the top bar (Seller_Profile.png). If you click on Seller Profile on the left, you will see your seller profile and your information (Seller_Profile.png). If you click on My Proucts, you will see the list of items you have on sale (My_Products.png). If you click on VIEW ITEM, you will see your item from the buyer perspective without a add to cart button (Seller_Item.png). If you click DELETE ITEM, it will prompt you for confirmatio (Delete_product.png). If you click on EDIT ITEM, it will show you the form for editing an item on sale (Edit_Product.png). If you click on Sell a Product on the left, it will show you a form to fill in with the details of the new product you want to sell (Sell_An_Item.png). If you click on Logout, it will redict you to the landing page (Landing_Page.png)
# Videos
Home_Page.mp4 shows all the features of the website</br>
Buyer_accountmp4 shows all the features of a logged in User</br>
Seller_Account.mp4 shows all the features of a logged in Seller</br>
